Hey All right let's take a look again at the New Works business case we looked at that earlier.
But this time we're going to build it out a little bit more.
Right.
So let's get started now.
We didn't talk about startup costs and build out and things like that before.
So for you works we're going to think about the start costs first right now for start up costs.
We want to always track the square footage if you're ever working with something where you have something
that you need to buy and you need to spend money on building it out.
OK.
So we may have something like this where we are looking at the 50000 square foot as before.
But it's going to cost us something to buy it.
So this purchase cost is just that but we're also going to have to spend quite a bit to build it out
and we're going to show you how that's calculated and we're going to be spending some money on furnishing
it and any equipment to it and getting it ready and here are the other related expenses during startup.
So there's can be personally involved you're going to need some architecture in engineering where there's
some initial marketing budget.
When you're launching it you may pay someone to build out a good web site and other things setting aside
some miscellaneous and professional services maybe some funds for early hires and training.
And another space for just for some other things.
Okay.
Then for each of these expenses we're going to decide when they're happening during the ramp up period.
So is it happening during purpling.
Is that happening during the construction.
Is it happening during the launch period or is that happening kind of throughout this whole early part
of the pre before the business actually officially opens.
Right.
So this is going to come in a lot more in the next couple of years.
Now this is an easier way to do the startup things but you do need to calculate the rest.
And also just because it's a start up costs that's mean that that's what you ask for.
Right.
You're going to have some work and capital needs just to ramp up the business.
When you first launch and again we're going to look at how that's calculated later.
So let's first start with how do we get to those right.
So we've got to build out in furnishing.
So we have 50000 square foot right.
And then we have the certain amount of space that's different for you works really to have some common
space shared as private desk just like what we did before and we're going to split them up and then
we're going to calculate how many units that we need for each of them for the common space.
We only have one but you know shared desks only takes up 25 square footage.
So then the total square footage divided by that we have 300 units of this range.
There's only some certain costs of building the space out.
It's going to look pretty nice so it's a little bit more expensive and the office is even more costly
than just the open desk and the common spaces now that calculates the total build up costs.
So that's kind of how we arrive at that in terms of furnishing.
So what we did here was have the list of items you can build those as long as you want.
We have the costs for each one of those items and then we just put a matrix here for the different spaces
and then just put how many of those things we want to have in that space.
So in the Commons space and put 20 big tables and 20 small tables and so forth for all these other things
you can have 20 plants that cost 100 bucks each whereas a shared desk and private.
We're not going to have any plans.
But for the offices to be plants that we're going to give to the tenants.
OK.
So from this matrix then we can calculate the total furnishing costs and the cost times and number of
them that we need times the number of units that there are.
So for the private or small office we have a lot of units.
Lot of small office space so we're going to be able to sell a lot more it's going to cost a lot more
to furnish that.
OK.
So that's how the total furnishing costs is determined.
Now again for those of you who are just looking at this as your first case study for all the case studies
we're not going to go into the specific formulas so much because you've kind of had a lot of practice
with that and also we want to focus the case study on explaining the logic and how it's structured.
So then if you want to see how it's done because you understand what it's trying to do you can look
at the formula and understand how to execute on that in order to go through all the formulas.
Each case study would take like 10 hours to actually go through each formula.
All right so that's the startup in the build out for this.
And once we have this what we can start looking at is looking at the revenue and the overhead the revenue
should be pretty easy right because we've done it before.
So let's see what that looks like in the next lecture.